Let's switch back over to our code
editor. Switch to vote component
here in then method instead of adding the count with vote value
let's change it by reassign the vote count from json response.
Here we have not defined yet the votes count
in our json response.
So let's switch to vote answer controller
and here
when we call vote answer method
let's return the actual vote answer. So let's assign into a variable
let's say votes count
and then returned the votes count in the json response.
Now let's modify the vote answer method in the user model
to turn the actual vote answer.
Le'ts open the user model
and find the vote answer method
here let's add return in the front of
this underscore vote method call.
Le'ts do the same thing to vote question.
And now here in underscore vote
let's return the model's vote count
All right let's save all changes.
And let's give another try.
Reload the page
hit the vote up button.
The number increasing.
And then hit again
the number still increasing.
Let me see my code
OK here we don't need this plus operator
because we need to reassign the count
reload again.
Hit the vote up button
nothing changed.
Now if I hit the vote down
the number decreasing I'll hit the vote up again the number increasing
I'll hit again.
Nothing change.
Great.
All right
The last thing that we need to do is protecting this
component so that only the authenticated user that
can vote the answer or question.
Let's switch back over to our editor
And here in this method let's add if statement
to check if the user has signed in.
So if the user has not signed in let's show warning message
and here I'm going to say "please login to vote the
this dot name".
the title will be warning
set the time out to 30 seconds
and position to bottom left
and don't forget to add return so that the
code outside if statement  will be executed.
Let's save
I'll copy the URL
then I'll open incognito window.
And pens they URL
here we see that the icon's color in light gray.
And if I hit the vote up or vote down
button I'll get a warning message.
All right
We have successfully rewritten or a vote control from blade into vue js component. It is working just
fine as before but now it's no need
to reload the page to see the change
OK
That's it
Le'ts coming our changes to our git repo.
Then take a quick break and then join me in the next lesson.